docker-service: add page (#4800)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/docker-service.md

# docker service

> > Manage services on docker daemon.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Manage the services on a docker daemon.
```

Author: Done

> More information: <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/service/>.

> - List services on docker daemon:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- List the services on a docker daemon:
```

Author: Done

`docker service ls`

- Create a new service:

> `docker service create --name {{service_name}} {{docker_image_name}}:{{docker_image_version}}`

Reviewer 2: This command is not for beginners with Docker. I think we can simplify the variable names:
```suggestion
`docker service create --name {{service_name}} {{image}}:{{tag}}`
```

Author: Done

> - Display detailed information on one or more space separated services:

Reviewer 2: We use this grammar:
```suggestion
- Display detailed information of a space-separated list of services:
```

Author: Done

`docker service inspect {{service_name|ID}}`

> - List the tasks of one or more space separated services:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- List the tasks of a space-separated list of services:
```

Author: Done

`docker service ps {{service_name|ID}}`

> - Scale one or more space separated replicated services:

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about `list of services` because has the replica number:
```suggestion
- Scale to a specific number of replicas for a space-separated list of services:
```

Author: @navarroaxel, Yes. It is `list of services` only.

Reviewer 2: I'm talking about the example description in our side. Maybe another reviewer will suggest a better text.

Author: Got it. Sure 👍

> `docker service scale {{service_name}}={{no_of_replicas}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`docker service scale {{service_name}}={{count_of_replicas}}`
```

Author: Done

> - Remove one or more space separated services:

Reviewer 2: Should the service be stopped first?
```suggestion
- Remove a space-separated list of services:
```

Author: Done
